and I looked and there in
firmament that was above the head of the
cherubim there appeared something like a
sapphire stone having the appearance of
the likeness of a throne then he spoke
to the man clothed with linen go in
among the wheels under the cherub fill
your hands with coals of fire from among
the cherubim and scatter them over the
sea and he went in as I watched now the
cherubim were standing on the south side
of the temple when the man went in and
the cloud filled the inner court then
the glory of the Lord went up from the
cherub and passed over the threshold of
the temple and the house was filled with
the cloud and the court was full of the
brightness of the Lord's glory and the
sound of the wings of the cherubim was
heard even in the outer court like the
voice of Almighty God when he speaks
[Music]
it happened when he commanded the man
clothed in linen take fire from among
the wheels from among the cherubim that
he went in and stood beside the wheels
and the cherub stretched out his hand
from among the cherubim to the fire that
was among the chatter him and took some
of it and put it into the hands of the
man clothed with linen who took it and
went out the cherubim appeared to have
the form of a man's hand under their
wings and when I looked there were four
wheels by the cherubim one wheel by one
cherub and another wheel by each other
chat up the wheels appeared to have the
color of a barrel stone as for their
appearance all four looked alike as it
were a wheel in the middle of a wheel
when they went they went toward any of
their four directions they did not turn
aside when they went but followed in the
direction the head was facing they did
not turn aside when they went
and their whole body with their back
their hands their wings and the wheels
that the four had were full of eyes all
around as for the wheels they were
called in my hearing wheel each one had
four faces
the first face was the face of a child
the second face the face of a man the
third the face of a lion and the fourth
the face of an eagle and the cherubim
were lifted up this was the living
creature I saw by the river Kiba when
the cherubim went the wheels went beside
them and when the cherubim lifted their
wings to mount up from the earth the
same wheels also did not turn from
beside them when the cherubim stood
still the wheels stood still and when
one was lifted up the other lifted
itself up but the spirit of the living
creature was in them then the glory of
the Lord departed from the threshold of
the temple and stood over the cherubim
and the cherubim lifted their wings and
mounted up from the earth in my sight
when they went out the wheels were
beside them and they stood at the door
of the east gate of the Lord's house and
the glory of the God of Israel was above
them this is the living creature I saw
under the God of Israel by the river
kiba and I knew they were cherubim each
one had four faces and each one four
wings and the likeness of the hands of a
man was under their wings and the
likeness of their faces was the same as
the faces which I had seen by the river
Chebar their appearance and their
persons they each went straight forward
[Music]
you